Add reference to talk about "Sociotechnical Architecture" of Eduardo… (#17)
ddd-crew/ddd-starter-modelling-process: README.md

## The Process

This process is composed of 8 steps which are introduced below.

> > A recommended talk about the process is ["Sociotechnical Architecture: co-designing technical & organizational architecture to maximize impact"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekMPm78KFj0&feature=youtu.be&t=1820) by Eduardo da Silva. He explains the process in the context of typical phases of designing sociotechnical architectures. Eduardo groups the activities in four phases "Align & Understand", "Strategic architecture", "Strategy & Org design" and "Tactical architecture".

Reviewer: Really good entry (thank you for referring my talk :D). I think we could do a little bit of rewording to improve it even further. Something like: `A recommended talk that gives an overview of the process is .... Furthermore, Eduardo groups the activities of the process (and its 8 steps) in four distinct phases, namely: "1. Align & Understand", "2. Strategic Architecture", "3. Strategy & Org Design" and "4. Tactical Architecture".`

Reviewer: Maybe you can also provide a link to the deck - directly to the pages where I give the overview. For example create a link on the "four distinct phases" text to https://speakerdeck.com/emgsilva/intro-to-sociotechnical-architecture-co-designing-technical-and-organizational-architecture-to-maximize-impact?slide=31

> > A recommended talk about the process is ["Sociotechnical Architecture: co-designing technical & organizational architecture to maximize impact"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekMPm78KFj0&feature=youtu.be&t=1820) by Eduardo da Silva. He explains the process in the context of typical phases of designing sociotechnical architectures. Eduardo groups the activities in four phases "Align & Understand", "Strategic architecture", "Strategy & Org design" and "Tactical architecture".

Reviewer 2: I like the extended version from Eduardo 🙂 
What about this:
```suggestion
> A good talk that gives an overview of the process in the context of typical phases of designing sociotechnical architectures is ["Sociotechnical Architecture: co-designing technical & organizational architecture to maximize impact"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekMPm78KFj0&feature=youtu.be&t=1820) by [Eduardo da Silva](@emgsilva). Eduardo groups the activities of the process and its 8 steps in four distinct phases, namely: 
1. Align & Understand
2. Strategic Architecture
3. Strategy & Org Design
4. Tactical Architecture.
```

Reviewer: Makes it clearer indeed @yellowbrickc, thank you! Additional to this, and as mentioned above, I would include the link to presentation deck into the "in four distinct phases" text (the link can be directly to this part of the presentation, namely: https://speakerdeck.com/emgsilva/intro-to-sociotechnical-architecture-co-designing-technical-and-organizational-architecture-to-maximize-impact?slide=31).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> A good talk that gives an overview of the process in the context of typical phases of designing sociotechnical architectures is ["Sociotechnical Architecture: co-designing technical & organizational architecture to maximize impact"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekMPm78KFj0&feature=youtu.be&t=1820) by [Eduardo da Silva](@emgsilva). Eduardo groups the activities of the process and its 8 steps in [four distinct phases](https://speakerdeck.com/emgsilva/intro-to-sociotechnical-architecture-co-designing-technical-and-organizational-architecture-to-maximize-impact?slide=31), namely: 
1. Align & Understand
2. Strategic Architecture
3. Strategy & Org Design
4. Tactical Architecture.
```

What about this?

Reviewer: 👍 exactly, I think this is it! Thank you @yellowbrickc
